# AudioInputGame

This is a game I created using Processing and Pure Data. All of the sound comes from Pure Data and the visuals come from Processing. The goal of my game is to get 45 points before you run out of lives. There will be people moving back and forth on the screen. There will also be 2 audio inputs (preferably 2 microphones). If you make a noise in input “one”, it will send a projectile towards the people somewhere on the left side of the screen. If you make a noise in input “two”, it will send a projectile towards the people somewhere on the right side of the screen. You have to decide which microphone to make a noise in depending on where the people are. (*Note that this doesn’t work very well with a computer mic because it has trouble detecting which input is which. It still sends the projectiles but doesn’t detect the “right” or “left” sides properly, at least not on my computer. The way that I set it up in Pure Data should allow for 2 audio inputs).
You want to try to hit the people and avoid sending a projectile to the end of the screen. If you hit a person, you get 3 points. If you miss and your projectile reaches the edge, you lose a life. You cannot send another projectile until the first either hits a person or reaches the edge. This is to prevent spamming. When you release projectiles, you will hear a sound effect from Pure Data. The frequency of the sound is random. The projectile shapes, colors, and sizes are also random. I recommended playing this game with headphones as the output and 2 microphones as the inputs. 
